Since the failure of the Jodik Operation in Dieppe, the second war in Europe has clearly shown that it is impossible to form a second war in Europe, so the Soviet-Taiwan-Ukraine relationship is rapidly cooling down.
Therefore, the United States has managed to contact the Pacific and Indian countries, and has developed this as the second war in the Pacific, and has also established a new era of the Soviet Union.
The Solomon Islands are a very important point in the course of saving the Republic from the Pacific, and also from the formation of the second war in the Pacific.
Even if the United States makes a three-point victory over the first Solomon Islands, it is still necessary to have the fleet and air force in this area.
The second Solomon Islands are a complete and clear strategy.
The failure of this strategy is a unique example of the failure of the Jodik Operation in Dieppe, and of the fact that the ships made by the strategy inevitably follow the path of the living sample.
Moreover, the air battleships built by the American side, which are built by the land and resources of the American side, are gradually a victim of the US-Taiwan War, and become a burden on the Pacific, and of course they do not necessarily compensate for the happiness of American life.
It is a very unfortunate fact that they are not useful even in the battle.
In addition, in each region, which is three or five times larger than the Solomon Islands, various strategies are currently in progress, so I think that the situation will be clear as to what kind of quality the Empire has in this area as the battle progresses.
However, what I would like to ask the people of Japan to be especially careful about is that, as I have announced, most of the American air defense ships have been destroyed, and new air defense ships have begun to operate.
This shows that the United States has become like a weapon and has concentrated its power, and that those who are useful and useful in military ships and warships have modified this into an air defense ship, and that the aircraft is also being fully equipped.
We will not miss this point easily.
Thank you for watching.